in today's video we are going to
summarize the crime thriller the
stepfather
it is the remake of a 1987 film of the
same title
where michael harding returns home from
military school to find his mother
living with her new boyfriend david
as the two men get to know each other he
becomes more and more suspicious of his
stepfather
who seems to have no flaw spoilers ahead
you have been warned don't forget to
give it a thumbs up
comment on what was your favorite part
subscribe to our channel and
let's get started the movie starts as we
see a middle-aged man in his bathroom
completely transforming himself he dyes
his hair
shaves his beard and removes his brown
contact lenses to reveal his blue eyes
he has several pictures of him and his
family in the house he goes to the
kitchen and makes himself breakfast
but as he moves we see the dead bodies
of his family spread
across the house there are several
bloody tools on the kitchen sink
the man goes outside and drives away
with his luggage
at the salt lake city police department
detectives discussed the murder
the suspect is the stepfather grady
edwards who has disappeared since the
event
the police have identified a pattern in
these kinds of cases and suspect that
grady is a serial killer who targets
widowed or divorced single woman with a
family
he is very sly with his crimes and
leaves no evidence of his identity
behind
paying in cash for everything so they
can't track his credit card info
there is zero information about his
identity grady comes across a woman
named susan kearns harding in a grocery
store
susan is a recently divorced mother
grocery shopping with her youngest two
kids shawn and beth
grady introduces himself as david harris
and charms her with his personality
he tells her that his wife and daughter
died last year in a car accident
susan invites him for a pizza party with
her kids it is six months later
david and susan are engaged susan's
eldest son michael is coming home from
military school
his girlfriend kelly picks him up from
the airport michael is not sure about
susan's new fiance
kelly opens the door to their backyard
to reveal a surprise party
all of his family are there susan hugs
her son and everyone is happy to have
him back
michael finally meets david susan's
sisters are at the party too
david proposes a toast he thanks susan
sean and beth for
welcoming him to the family and michael
for completing it susan's sister jackie
offers david a job at the real estate
company she works at
susan is pleased to get david off the
roads he accepts the offer
david then asks michael to meet him in
the basement david has built several
cabinets there
most of them are locked he opens one to
reveal his collection of tequila
he wants to bond with michael over
alcohol david knows michael doesn't want
to go back to the military school
so he suggests joining the high school
swimming club that way michael could get
a sports scholarship and get into a
college
but michael declined saying that getting
into the club is impossible
they take a shot together after the
party michael sees kelly off
later susan comes to michael's room she
tells him to try to get along with david
michael however tells her to hold on to
the lectures the next day david goes to
michael's old high school
talks to the sports teacher and gets him
into the swimming club michael
is very thankful kelly comes over later
she and michael are swimming in their
backyard pool
shawn on the other hand is playing a
video game at full volume
susan tells him to turn it down
repeatedly finally david goes to his
room and grabs him by the back of his
neck to stop him
sean is too scared to say anything shawn
looks visibly sad at the dinner table
susan asks him if something is wrong but
he dismisses her susan then tells
michael about david's wife and
daughter's death
the doorbell rings it's susan's
ex-husband jay
sean and beth run to the door to greet
him they're going to spend the weekend
with their biological dad
michael however doesn't want to meet him
at breakfast the next day
susan's neighbor mrs cutter rings the
doorbell she has seen a show called
america's most wanted and the sketch of
a killer looked just like david
susan assures her that it's not him
michael hears this from upstairs and
finds it weird
david dismisses it that day michael and
david meet for lunch at a diner where he
asks him to be his best man
while talking about his family david
calls his dead daughter two different
names
he recovers saying that her name was
lisa michelle but michael still finds it
suspicious
later mrs cutter is at her house when
she hears a doorbell
she goes to check but finds no one
outside she goes in again when david
suddenly appears behind her
he pushes her down the basement stairs
he then suffocates her to death
michael and kelly are in the pool he
tells her about david slip up earlier
kelly thinks he's obsessing about it too
much at dinner jay brings shawn and beth
home
he is furious as sean told him about
david grabbing his neck the previous day
michael restrains jay and brings him
outside jay and michael talk for a while
and bond
david apologizes to sean but susan is
still mad at him
he apologizes to her too david has
started working in real estate with
jackie
that day at work she gives him a bunch
of papers to fill in with his personal
information
when he gets back home he tells susan
that he doesn't like the real estate job
and wants to quit
susan goes out with jackie and her
friend at night shawn and michael are
playing video games in his room
someone rings the doorbell david opens
the door to see it as jay
jay has come to apologize to him and see
his kids for the last time before flying
for work
while talking jay reveals that he did a
background check on david upon michael's
request
he calls out david for lying about the
college he went to jaden accuses david
of lying on several occasions
david takes the vase in the living room
and hits him on the head the boys do not
hear the noise because of the video game
meanwhile at the bar jackie tells susan
she finds it concerning that susan knows
nothing about his background
susan however takes offense to this and
asks her to be happy for her
at the house david drags jade to the
basement and ties his mouth and hands
with duct tape
he puts a plastic bag over jay's face
and suffocates him to death
while he is at it michael sees the
basement door open but doesn't go
downstairs to check
david sends michael a text from jay's
phone apologizing for not coming to
visit
and ask that the background check on
david was successful and that he is
clean
the next day the police find mrs
cutter's body michael overhears a
conversation between the mailman and
david where the mailman tells him that
she died in an accident
but when david tells the story to susan
he adds that she died by falling down
the stairs
this makes michael extremely suspicious
susan takes shawn and beth to the
dentist
david goes up to the attic to repair its
floor michael and kelly are by the pool
he tells her about david's weird
behavior this morning but she dismisses
it again
some time later david goes out to pick
up sean and beth but on his way
susan calls him to tell him she will
pick them up instead michael and kelly
go into david's closet to search for
something against him
when they hear him come in they hide
there somehow they manage to get away
before he sees them
that night after dinner david comes into
michael's room to tell him that he
always wants him to be up front
david knows that they were snooping on
his stuff later michael finds david's
sketch as grady edwards while looking
through the computer
he shows it to kelly the next day but
she still doesn't believe it
david takes michael through jay's phone
again when he finds jackie's voicemail
she wants to talk to jay about david at
the same time michael calls jay the
phone starts ringing in the basement and
michael hears it
he sees david declining the phone
through a window he hurries downstairs
to see david talking to someone on his
phone in the living area
at breakfast michael takes a picture of
david on his phone susan goes out to
drop the kids at camp
michael comes out of the shower to find
david standing in front of him
he asks michael about his plans for
tonight micah replies that he is going
to stay at kelly's
michael goes to his room to find it
cleaned he quickly looks through his
phone to see that the picture of david
is gone later that night david goes to
jackie's and
kills her by drowning her in the pool
susan and david are the only two people
at the house
but michael plans to sneak into the
basement to look for evidence against
him
david on the other hand plans to murder
susan that night he
sets out his tools and gives susan a
pill to help her sleep better through
the thunderstorm
michael and kelly are in the car outside
he tells her to call him if she sees
someone wake up in the house
he then enters the basement through the
skylight he manages to break the cap in
his locks and finds a bag with his
father's initials on it
david had hidden it the night he killed
jay michael notices a freezer in the
room and opens it
kelly sees david's room light up and
calls michael but his phone drops and
breaks so now kelly cannot help him
she runs to the skylight through which
michael went in to call him meanwhile
michael moves around the ice cream in
the freezer to reveal jay's body
in a plastic bag he retreats and falls
in shock
david finds kelly and punches her to the
ground he blocks the skylight window and
traps michael in
david then drags kelly to the kitchen
and starts preparing knives and weapons
for his kill
susan wakes up and comes to the kitchen
as well david maniacally tells her that
this is not going to work because of
michael since he is too disrespectful
and says that he thought she could be
mrs grady edwards susan
is stunned when david grimaces and asks
who am i here
susan calls him by his name causing him
to say david i'm david harris
just as she notices kelly on the floor
david comes at her with a knife
she runs and hides in the bathroom david
breaks down the door
as he's about to stab her she stabs his
neck with a broken piece of mirror
michael manages to break down the
basement floor michael kelly and susan
reunite but david comes after them again
they hurry to the attic michael tries to
close the doors on him but david manages
to get up there
the attic floors are weak so when david
and michael are fighting michael falls
through the floor
kelly threatens david with an electric
saw but the floor breaks and both kelly
and susan fall through it
michael attacks david and both of them
fall onto the roof
they struggle there for a while and fall
to the ground they both lie
unconscious there finally michael wakes
up from a coma in a hospital bed
he has been there for over a month david
on the other hand fled from the scene
no one has seen him ever since the movie
ends as we see david introduce himself
as chris ames to a widowed woman
with two kids in a grocery store
thank you so much for watching the video
make sure to like it and leave a comment
down below subscribe to our channel for
more videos